[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory.
One of our favorite guests
LA Marzulli with us.
Author, lecturer, filmmaker.
He has penned 13
books, including
the Nephilim trilogy
which has made
the CBA series of bestsellers.
It's amazing.
His new film series on
the trail of the Nephilim
already has five episodes.
And I say already because you're
constantly working on new ones.
You don't stop.
>>LA MARZULLI: Yeah, that's
true, and we love it.
I love what I do.
>>NOORY: Well--
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: --first of all, I want
to tell folks about a tragedy
that you encountered last
year during the California
wildfires that just completely
wiped out your house,
your library of videos,
almost everything you own.
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely
everything we owned.
It was incredibly traumatic.
My wife and I had PTSD
directly after that.
We didn't know--
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
>>MARZULLI: --we had PTSD.
Walking around in a daze
for about six months.
We moved to Oklahoma and then
six months later, we kind of,
why did we move here anyway?
So we're going to move
back to California
in the process of
rebuilding, but my library
which had about, I don't know,
maybe 2000 books, a lot of them
first edition things,
autographed, tomes.
And I had a special wall
with all the dog-eared notes,
Post-its, highlighted,
and all that's gone.
So I used to be able
to go and pull it.
I think it was on
page 56, and I would
look because I had
my notes in the back,
and I could just pull it out and
go, oh yeah, it's on page 56.
And there it was.
All that's gone.
And at 70 years old, I can't
possibly reproduce that.
>>NOORY: We take it for granted
of our living conditions--
>>MARZULLI: Yeah, we do.
>>NOORY: --until they're gone.
>>MARZULLI: Until it's gone.
>>NOORY: And then poof.
But you're rebuilding.
And you're putting
your life together--
>>MARZULLI: It's home.
It's home.
>>NOORY: --again.
Good.
The important thing, LA,
you and your wife are safe.
>>MARZULLI: We're safe.
The animals, our daughter,
everybody got out.
>>NOORY: We can
do another video.
We can't do another you.
>>MARZULLI: Well, there we.
There you go.
>>NOORY: So I'm
glad you're here.
Now tell us about your work.
How'd you get involved
in the Nephilim,
and explain to people who
aren't biblically inclined,
just what are the Nephilim?
>>MARZULLI: This goes
back to around circa 1988,
and I had always had trouble
with the biblical narrative.
When you go to places
like Noah's flood,
and you kind of go, why?
Why does this God
of the Old Testament
destroy everybody on the planet?
You kind of scratch
your head and go--
>>NOORY: Why's he mean?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
And then you go to
Babel, the next thing,
and it's like, wait a minute.
Now, he's confusing
the language.
Then you go to
Sodom and Gomorrah,
it's fire and brimstone
on these guys, right?
>>NOORY: It's everywhere.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah, it's
like, what's going on here?
And then finally, when Joshua
and the crew, the Israelites,
come in to the
Promised Land, they're
killing everybody, burning
the cities, killing,
and you sit there and you go,
wait a minute, this Jesus,
God of the Old Testament, how
do you reconcile these two?
In fact, when I was a brand new
Christian-- this is circa 1980.
So I've been vexed with this
for about eight, nine years.
And I remember getting
to the conquest of Canaan
and just going, I can't do this.
And I don't understand this.
And I couldn't get
anybody to explain it.
So one day, I was in a
bookstore and I was looking--
someone had asked me about
life on other planets.
And this is the book
that changed my life.
Dr. IDE Thomas.
His book was called
"The Omega Conspiracy."
I took it home.
I read it.
And he had the answers.
And he referenced books
from the Dead Sea Scrolls
and the Ethiopian Bible--
>>NOORY: Classics.
>>MARZULLI: --which are
not part of our canon.
Not part of our canon, OK?
So I was blown away by this.
And specifically in the Book of
Enoch because what Enoch does
is it gives us a view into the
antediluvian world that most
people don't know about.
And Enoch was hidden,
really, from most people
on the planet until RH
Charles discovered it
in the 19th century.
What that does is it
gives us this view
of this incredible cosmic
battle which has been
raging in an unseen dimension.
And what we see is
these fallen angels--
angels is just a
word for messenger--
these angelic entities make
an oath on Mount Hermon
to do this deed.
And what they do is they
contaminate the seed,
and I'll get into that
because they take wives.
They have children
from the wives.
>>NOORY: These are
earthlings, earthling wives.
>>MARZULLI: These are
earthly women but basically,
an entity, inter-dimensional
entity, which is immortal.
So you get this
combination which
produces this hybrid entity
known as the Nephilim.
And this hails back to the
Genesis 3:15 narrative,
which states, the
seed of the dragon
will be at enmity, at war,
with the seed of the woman.
He, coming from the
seed of the woman,
will crush the dragon's head.
That sets up the rest of
the biblical narrative.
But if you don't
know what that means,
and if you don't have the
proper translation of it
or understand it--
>>NOORY: You don't get it.
>>MARZULLI: --then you never--
when you get to Noah's flood,
the Tower of Babel, Sodom
and Gomorrah, the five kings,
the whole deal, the
conquest of Canaan,
you're left going like I was--
what's going on here?
>>NOORY: Are the Nephilim evil?
>>MARZULLI: They're
in a fixed state.
Some people call them
the soulless ones.
The Book of Enoch tells us that
they sinned against mankind.
They were cannibalistic.
They were sexually deviant.
>>NOORY: They were giants.
>>MARZULLI: They were giants.
They would come in and drink--
they would tear off the
heads of people, allegedly,
and drink the blood.
And this is--
>>NOORY: Like taking the
bottle cap off a beer.
>>MARZULLI: But Native
American, first nation people,
tell us exactly the same thing.
Thousands of years later, these
red-haired, six-fingered giants
would come in, rip the heads off
to the Braves, drink the blood,
mutilate the bodies.
I mean, crazy stuff.
And this is all in Native
American oral tradition.
I'm not making this stuff up.
>>NOORY: You can't
make this stuff up.
>>MARZULLI: No, you can't.
>>NOORY: In St. Louis,
where I come from a lot--
>>MARZULLI: Cahokia.
>>NOORY: --right across
the river in Cahokia,
Illinois, the Cahokia Mounds.
What the heck are these mounds?
They're all over the planet.
>>MARZULLI: When
I was in Cahokia,
I just sat there and
stared at it for like, five
minutes, before we did it.
My jaw on the ground
just going, OK.
What we did it in
the very first film
is we deconstructed
to show people
that this is an impossibility.
Something else is going on,
and what I mean by that--
mainstream archaeologists
will tell us
that Native Americans
built these mounds.
It took hundreds of years
and thousands of people
one bucket of earth at a time.
OK.
They can believe what they--
>>NOORY: That's possible.
>>MARZULLI: --want to believe.
It's possible, I guess.
But recent studies
on Cahokia showed
it was built not in
300 years, and more
like maybe 20 years or
perhaps even less, based
on the pollen and the
tests that these guys did.
Well, we hired a flint
hoe which allegedly
these Native
Americans were using.
We hired a flint knapper.
We created a museum replica
of a flint hoe that would
be used at the time of Cahokia.
We hired a fit laborer.
We sent him out into the dirt--
>>NOORY: To duplicate this.
>>MARZULLI: --to
duplicate this--
near Cahokia.
Same soil.
And we filmed all this.
And we show him
digging into the dirt
and then gathering
dirt in a bucket
and then taking the bucket
and walking let's say,
200 yards to where the mound
would be emptying the dirt
and then tapping it like this.
When I show that to people--
>>NOORY: How long that take?
>>MARZULLI: --people just
die laughing in the audience.
But what it means is Cahokia
is about 450,000 tons of earth.
So what does that mean?
If you were to
deconstruct the mound
and put all that
dirt in dump trucks,
you get end-to-end dump
trucks over 200 miles long.
That gives us an idea
of the amount of dirt.
>>NOORY: Full to the top?
>>MARZULLI: Full to the top.
>>NOORY: In your film, "On
The Trail Of The Nephilim,"
you take a look at what
the mounds look like.
You can only see
that from above.
That's amazing.
Isn't it?
>>MARZULLI: It is.
Mind-blowing.
>>NOORY: Are they
burial grounds, LA?
>>MARZULLI: No, they're not.
They're not.
They're not burial grounds.
Although they have been used--
Native Americans coming
in and will use them
for secondary internments,
but the original--
let's say, Cahokia because
you mentioned that.
On top of Cahokia,
was a platform.
And allegedly on
top of the platform,
archaeologists believe
there was a construction
about 50 feet by 100 feet
and allegedly 40 feet high.
There was a stockade all
around Cahokia 10 feet high.
Why do they need that?
What are they doing?
And in my opinion--
Cahokia Miamisburg are the
sites that we've been to--
these are gateways.
These are portals.
These are high places.
And in fact, I could take
you to a place in England
on the Salisbury Plain.
I could blindfold and
go, George, where are we?
And you would look at that
mound and you go, wow,
we're in Ohio, LA.
>>NOORY: That's right.
We're here.
>>MARZULLI: But
we're not in Ohio.
We're in England.
>>NOORY: They look the same.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah,
so they came over.
>>NOORY: What happened to them?
>>MARZULLI: Well, this
is what's amazing.
This debate went on
in the 19th century,
and it was very heated.
And certain people are saying,
something else's going on here.
There may be supernatural
things that we're looking at.
It might be the lost
tribes of Israel.
Something's going on,
but no one really knew.
This guy, Cyrus
Thomas, around 1910,
1920, decreed Native
Americans built the mounds,
but they simply forgot
that they had done so.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MARZULLI: And this is
taught in archaeological.
>>NOORY: And they believe it?
>>MARZULLI: People believe it.
This is what you're taught,
and you regurgitate it
if you're going to pass.
So people like me are looked
at as pseudo-archaeologists yet
I'm on the field deconstructing
the popular narrative
and saying, now wait a minute,
you got 10,000 mounds alone
in Ohio.
That's all these people
did all day long?
And Native Americans coming
into Ohio like the Shawnee now--
archaeologists
saying the Shawnee
built the Serpent Mound in Ohio.
It's the largest snake
effigy on the planet.
So the Shawnee
chief, which we show
in the film, states
on the record,
the Shawnee did not
build the Serpent Mound.
So who do we believe?
>>NOORY: Now we've got a clip,
LA, from one of your series,
of course, about the official
explanation for the mounds,
and let's look at this theory.
>>NARRATOR (ON
VIDEO): Cyrus Thomas
is credited as creating the
paradigm which still exists
today that Native
Americans built the mounds,
but they had forgotten
they had done so.
However, are there
artifacts that might
point to a different narrative?
Throughout the 18th
and 19th centuries,
reports of giant skeletons
were printed in newspapers
all across the country as
people dug into the mounds
and unearthed the bones of
what seemed like a lost race.
Why has this been left out
of the official narrative?
Why are other artifacts like axe
heads weighing over 30 pounds
called ceremonial?
What if they're not
ceremonial but utilitarian?
Why is it that
Native Americans talk
about a race of giants
that inhabited the land
before they did?
They tell of six-fingered,
red-haired giants
who were often cannibalistic
as well as sexually perverse.
Is there a hidden
history that has
been deliberately obfuscated?
>>NOORY: As you just
pointed out to us.
I would have hated to have
lived during that era.
My gosh.
>>MARZULLI: Terrifying.
>>NOORY: Terrifying, indeed.
>>MARZULLI:
Absolutely terrifying.
>>NOORY: Where did
they find the bones
of these so-called giants?
>>MARZULLI: They were
everywhere basically
from the Eastern United
States all across-- from coast
to coast, no pun intended,
but they're everywhere.
In fact, we had a
lead on something
today, which we're
trying to vet,
allegedly of a 9-footer in situ
in an undisclosed location.
Whether that's true
or not, I don't know,
but that came in this morning.
>>NOORY: Is this information,
LA, being suppressed?
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>MARZULLI: When I
was out in Catalina,
I got wind that a
cache of records
had been discovered
by Ralph Glidden.
Glidden was a
primitive archaeologist
employed played by the
Heye museum in 1919-1921.
He was out there in
the Channel Islands
which go from Santa
Barbara down to San Diego.
And he was doing these
primitive archaeological digs.
He was digging up 9-footers
and even talked about this.
All that was suppressed.
Well, this cache of
records just basically left
the planet for 50 years,
and John Boraggina
discovered it in
the Wrigley Theater
on the island of Catalina.
It was front-page
news in the LA Times.
I got wind of it.
It took me six months
to get the museum
to allow me to
come on the island
and look at the documents,
pictures, whatever they had.
>>NOORY: They were
reluctant, indeed.
>>MARZULLI: Very much so.
And so I sent them
$1,000 check--
>>NOORY: Oh, that--
>>MARZULLI: --for
the new museum.
>>NOORY: --changes their mind.
>>MARZULLI: And that
opened the door.
Exactly.
That opened the door,
and I was there.
And I did spend some
time in the archives.
It's not a lot depending
what I'm doing.
Most of the time,
it's out in the field
talking to people
actually on site.
But archives are incredible
because you never
know what you're going to get.
And I'm there in the archives
in the museum on Catalina
and John Boraggina brings out
museum boxes, and in the museum
boxes are Manila folders
with pictures in them,
because I asked
to see that first.
Within 20 minutes, I had the
picture which went viral.
It's Ralph Glidden leaning on
a shovel in an excavated grave,
and in front of him,
is a skeleton in situ.
And I knew it was big,
but I didn't know how big,
so I sent the picture to
three different guys, techies,
who looked at this thing,
deconstructed it, digitized it,
knew the height of Ralph
Glidden at 5'8", and basically,
all three of them, no collusion
until after they gave me
the data, that we did a
conference call together,
which was a real hoot, they all
put it just around 9 feet tall.
>>NOORY: A giant.
>>MARZULLI: A giant.
>>NOORY: And you can't
talk about mounds
without talking
about Serpent Mound.
>> NARRATOR (ON VIDEO): The
Serpent Mound is the largest
snake effigy in the world.
It sits on an outcropping of
land that overlooks a waterway.
The serpent undulates
through the landscape,
and this corresponds
to solar alignments.
Some say that the head points
to the summer solstice.
A two-story tower's
erected on the site
so visitors can see
the serpent's body.
However, even from
this vantage point,
it's still difficult to see
the head of the serpent.
It is only when one is
high above the effigy does
one begin to see
the serpent's head
whose mouth is wide open in
the act of swallowing an egg.
Why go through the trouble
of constructing this
if the person viewing
it can't really
see what they are
looking at unless they
are high in the air
above the effigy?
Who is the prince of
the power of the air?
>>NOORY: It reminds me of
the Nazca Lines in Peru.
>>MARZULLI: It's similar.
>>NOORY: Same kind of thing.
>>MARZULLI: Very, very similar.
You can only really
appreciate it--
I've been there three
different times.
There's a tower that goes
up about two stories.
And you can you get an idea
of what you're looking at,
but when I flew a drone up
a couple of hundred feet,
and actually higher than
that, all of a sudden
the whole effigy
comes into view.
We have to understand that
this serpent is based on an 18
and 1/2 year lunar cycle.
Serpent's head is
agape showing it
in the act of attempting
to swallow an egg, OK?
This goes right back to
the Genesis 3:15 narrative
which states, "The
seed of a dragon
will be at war with
the seed of a woman."
The serpent, there it is,
trying to devour that egg.
And only see it from the air.
And it's thousands of years old.
Why construct
something like this--
>>NOORY: That you can't see?
>>MARZULLI: --that
you can't see.
>>NOORY: Unless it's
for something above.
>>MARZULLI: So who is the
prince of the power of the air?
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MARZULLI: The dragon.
>>NOORY: You made something
called "Mathematical Mysteries
of the Mound Builders."
What is that?
>>MARZULLI: Well, we knew that
there was advanced geometry,
advanced surveying
techniques, trigonometry,
but we didn't know
to what depth, OK?
We brought in mathematicians,
multidisciplinary,
to try to get an idea.
I hired a surveyor to go--
Let me give you the first one.
The Newark Circle Mound,
the Great Circle Mound,
is about 1,200 feet across.
There's a moat--
>>NOORY: That's pretty
good size, right?
>>MARZULLI: Really good size.
And that was my first
mound encounter.
If I can talk about this for a
second, someone told me about--
Russ Dizdar told me about it.
So I'm there at a conference.
I asked my driver, can you take
me to the Great Circle Mound?
He says, yes, so he drops
me off at the parking lot.
I walk up this little,
narrow asphalt path,
and I get to the
top and I turn--
and I'm feeling
the chills here--
and I look at this thing, this
huge circle with the entrance.
And I just froze in my tracks.
And I just sat there just like
vibrating, looking at this,
realizing that this has
deep meaning for me,
this is my future although I
didn't know it at the time,
but I'm looking at
the fingerprints
of the supernatural.
So we hired a surveyor
to go in and measure
the moat because there's
no waterway around there.
>>NOORY: Is this the
Great Circle Mound?
>>MARZULLI: This is
the Great Circle Mound.
There's a moat all the
way in the interior.
>>NOORY: All right,
that's unusual.
>>MARZULLI: So
basically, he told us
for all practical
purposes, it's dead level.
It's within 6 inches to a
foot of being dead level.
>>NOORY: Oh, let's look at this
because this is fascinating.
>> NARRATOR (ON VIDEO): The
Great Circle Mound in Newark,
Ohio, is over 1,200
feet in diameter.
It has an interior
moat on the inside
of which in ancient times,
was filled with water.
How did the ancients
create a level surface
so that the water would
fill the moat equally?
Todd Willis is a surveyor and
also a structural engineer.
We hired Todd to survey the
moat to see how level it was.
We were astounded to
discover that the moat,
for all practical
purposes, was dead level.
How was this done
thousands of years
ago before the invention of
surveying equipment like what
Squier and Davis used?
How were the builders
able to construct the moat
without the use of a transit?
Does this moat inside
the Great Circle Mound
present a problem in that
without some kind of surveying
equipment, it would be
almost impossible to keep
the bottom of the moat
level for hundreds of feet?
Are we looking at
the fingerprints
of the supernatural
hiding in plain sight?
>>NOORY: Aren't moats
built to keep things out?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What's
the purpose here?
>>MARZULLI: This is ceremonial.
Allegedly, at the entrance
of the Great Circle Mound,
there were two dragon heads
that were deconstructed.
It was used as a
fairground, so there's
a lot of sluff in the
bottom of that mound that
can account easily
for 6 inches to a foot
over a couple of thousand years
of just things falling into it.
Deconstruct it take away all
the trees, fill the moat up--
and I believe if
archaeologists with Lidar,
they could probably do this.
There's a canal, some
sort of a stone canal
that, like Curse of Oak
Island, brings water
to the moat that's
hidden away, that they
don't know where it is.
>>NOORY: Why is it dry now?
>>MARZULLI: Well, because
whatever that feed--
>>NOORY: Source was--
>>MARZULLI: --of water,
source, is not there anymore.
It's gone.
But to construct something like
that-- just think about it.
If we were going to just do
that in the ancient world,
there's no wheelbarrows.
There's no backhoes.
You don't have a shovel.
You've got these little
goofy shoulder blades of deer
that you're using as a
pick, or perhaps flint,
and you got to haul
water in deerskin--
>>NOORY: How do you do that?
>>MARZULLI: It's preposterous.
>>NOORY: With little buckets.
>>MARZULLI: Well, yeah, with
deerskin buckets or whatever.
>>NOORY: How much of earth was
used to construct these mounds?
>>MARZULLI: Well, again,
Cahokia is the largest
mound in the United States, and
that is well over 450,000 tons.
And again, for an ancient, if
you were to deconstruct that,
that's a very large mound
complex, 3 and 1/2 miles
of continuous earthen walls.
You deconstruct that, that's
over 200 miles of dump trucks
end-to-end.
And so Cahokia is probably
300 miles of dump trucks
end-to-end.
>>NOORY: LA, what exactly,
first of all, is Octagon Mound?
>>MARZULLI: The Octagon
Mound is an unequal octagon.
In other words, a normal
octagon has eight equal sides.
This octagon in Ohio, has
two sides which are unequal,
so whoever is doing this,
mathematically, it's
absolutely incredible.
It's one thing for us to draw
with a compass and a square
and a ruler, a small
octagon on a piece of paper,
but even then, you've got to
know geometry just to draw--
>>NOORY: Oh, you have to.
>>MARZULLI: You have
to know geometry.
So we go back a couple
of thousand years.
In fact, some of us
believe that the Octagon's
about 4,000 years old.
We put a very old date on it.
And it's one thing to
draw eight equal sides.
It's another thing to have
two of those sides unequal.
And then this thing is
running hundreds of feet.
How do you check your work?
How do you check your work when
the octagon comprises 50 acres.
I've been in it.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>MARZULLI: I've
played golf there.
I've been in there twice.
And when you're on one
side, and you look over
there, you kind of go, I
have no idea what this is.
>>NOORY: Well,
they say a picture
is worth a thousand words.
>> NARRATOR (ON VIDEO): The
Octagon Mound was a part
of the Newark Earthworks which
included the Great Circle Mound
with the moat that
Todd Willis surveyed.
The entire amount of dirt
that was moved and compacted
to create these structures
exceeds 500,000 tons of earth.
There is advanced mathematics
that was used to construct this
complex which was built on
a 18.5-year lunar cycle.
When standing in
the Octagon, one
has no idea of what
shape it actually
is as it is large
enough to house
the Great Pyramid of Egypt.
Where did this
advanced mathematic
used throughout this
complex originate from?
Why is it that this earthwork
like The Serpent Mound
can only be seen from the air?
Why is it that this advanced
mathematical knowledge
seemed to disappear and was
not acknowledged or remembered
by every known Native
American tribe?
>>NOORY: What does this
tell you about our past?
>>MARZULLI: Well, it's hidden.
There is a hidden history.
And yet it's hidden
in plain sight.
And the powers that be,
for whatever reason,
have deliberately
obfuscated much of it.
And myself-- I mean, look
at Graham Hancock's work,
look at Mr. Childress' work.
I mean, others are in the
field doing the same thing.
I have a slightly
different perspective
because I think these
are the fingerprints
of the supernatural.
I think we're looking at--
the dragon is definitely
into this thing
just like the Book
of Enoch tells us.
And these are
constructs, and we'll
get into this a
little bit later,
they were linked together
in profound ways.
And there's no way
it's coincidental.
>>NOORY: No.
But the fact that you can
only see it from above
tells you what?
>>MARZULLI: Well, that
whoever was doing this
has the power to fly around and
that gets-- see, in my opinion,
I'm always looking
for a unified theory.
So how do I connect the
modern day UFO event,
which are now real by the way--
we've known they were
real, but now, we're
told they're real by the
Pentagon and everybody else.
But how do I connect
that with what
happened with the
Great Pyramid of Egypt
with the Circle Mound, the
Octagon Mound, Cahokia,
and other places?
And my unified theory goes
back to the Book of Enoch which
tells us that these entities--
some people would call
them the Anunnaki.
That's what they
would call them.
And the similarities
between them
are very, very similar,
extremely similar,
so are we looking at the
same entities coming here?
The mythos is
slightly different,
but the end game is
kind of the same thing.
>>NOORY: Were they built
for the ETs or with the ETs?
>>MARZULLI: Both.
This is where the
Nephilim come in,
and I call it fallen
angel technology Nephilim
architecture.
When you go to
these places like--
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>MARZULLI: Well, when you
go to places like Cahokia,
and you realize the absurdity
of 500,000 tons of earth
by a group of people
doing this thing--
and then it's compacted.
Some of these mounds
are compacted.
The dirt is compacted so tight
that when you tunnel into them,
you don't need supports.
The earth just holds itself.
It's almost like it's cemented.
We're trying to get permission
to do soil testing on some
of these things.
And so far, we haven't
been able to get that.
>>NOORY: You needed
to know archaeology
in order to do that.
>>MARZULLI: You needed to
know geometry, trigonometry,
surveying techniques.
And Native Americans
didn't have those.
Europeans didn't have
trigonometry when this thing
was built 4,000 years ago.
It didn't exist.
>>NOORY: Are these
locations, LA, supernatural?
I mean, do things happen
there out of the norm?
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
And the third film
of the series,
"Secrets of the Supernatural
- Voices from The Other Side,"
Russ Dizdar states
on film that if these
are Nephilim sites,
then we should
see some sort of activity.
When we were there, we saw
stuff that just blew us away.
And then we have a testimony
from one guy in particular,
a pastor who when he
moved into the area had
no idea what he was up against,
he saw tables levitate.
There was this room that
you'd open the door,
it was a crawl space.
Then you'd open the door
again a couple of days later,
it was a black hole.
It just went down, down, down--
>>NOORY: Like endless?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
And they would
throw things down,
and they would never
hit the bottom.
I mean, all sorts of
strange phenomenon.
Henry Gruver went
to the Serpent Mound
and basically, he was
called to do this.
And so he would go
and try to break some
of the stuff that was there.
When we were there,
there was a coven
of wiccans who were there.
Gee, I wonder why?
They know exactly what's going
on with the Serpent Mound.
So Gruver's there,
and he's alone.
And there's a light snowfall.
And he does this thing on
top of the Serpent's Head,
breaks every type
of power that there.
As he comes walking back,
he gets sucker-punched.
There's no one there.
He's on the ground.
He can't move.
He's basically paralyzed.
And he cries out.
He goes, why is this happening?
And the ward speaks to him.
It says, well, you weren't
called to come here.
And he learned a
very important lesson
that you just don't go
into sites like this
unless you're called to do so.
So he was freed up.
I think for me, one of the--
we were on this place
called Geller Hill.
Allegedly, it's a burial site.
It's the highest
point in Newark, Ohio.
Octagon Mound, Great
Circle Mound, Geller Hill
creates a triangle,
perfect isosceles triangle.
That's deliberate.
We're on top of Geller Hill.
We're going to film there
at this ancient Nephilim
graveyard.
Of course, you can't dig.
But they took out a lot
of large skeletons here,
allegedly, 100 years ago.
So we're there.
It starts to rain.
The Newark Paranormal group
is tagging along with us.
They've contacted Fritz
Zimmerman, and Fritz said, LA,
can they?
I said, sure.
More the merrier.
So we duck into this
very well groomed forest.
At this point, this woman
takes out this little device.
And I have no idea what it is.
She turns it on, and we hear
a voice, and it says, evil.
And I kind of go,
whoa, what's that?
She goes, oh, this
is an obelisk.
Well, what's an obelisk?
It's got 5,000 words, and
what it does, allegedly,
if there are any entities
or spirits in the area--
>>NOORY: It speaks itself.
>>MARZULLI: It's like a
high-tech Ouija board.
But I didn't know
that at the time.
So we walked down
50 yards, whatever,
and the thing spews out
another words, witch.
So we get "evil" and "witch."
And at this point,
I go, wait a minute.
This is high-tech necromancy.
This is a high-tech Ouija board.
I can't do this stuff.
This is all on camera,
and it's in the film.
And I say, look--
and I'm with people
that don't believe like I
believe, and that's fine.
We can all get along, right?
That's why we're at Gaia.
>>NOORY: That's right.
It's supposed to be.
>>MARZULLI: Thank you, guys.
Thank you, Gaia.
But I go, I'm going to pray.
I'm going to do it now.
And so it's on film, and I
just shut the thing down.
I said, Father, just
shut this thing down.
This isn't from you.
Shut it down.
So the woman that's with
me, Gaylen, she goes,
what should I do?
I go, turn off the machine.
Turns off the machine.
We wait about 30 seconds.
I go, OK, turn it back on.
She turns it back on,
and she's looking at it
waiting for the word to pop up.
And we show this in the
film, and the word, "holy--"
>>NOORY: We're at total change.
>>MARZULLI: --pops up.
And her face does everything.
Her mouth drops open.
She looks at it.
It looks at me, and later, we
bring the Newark Paranormal
group on camera.
They had never seen anything
like this in all of their quest
looking for ghosts.
>>NOORY: Who is
Audrey Vanderkley?
>>MARZULLI: Audrey
Vanderkley is a woman
that was with us at
the Circle Mound.
Chief Joseph Riverwind was
at the Great Circle Mound,
and we were there.
>>NOORY: Here's her story.
>>AUDREY VANDERKLEY: So
we were at the Mounds,
and Chief Joseph
had called us up
on to the mounds
to do some praying
and some spiritual warfare.
And he had asked someone to
come up and read some scripture,
so as the lady was
reading scripture,
I had my back towards her.
I heard a commotion,
and I turned around.
And I saw this lady on
the ground and people
were picking her up.
I wasn't sure what
happened at that time
so we just continued praying.
When it was over, and we
came down off the mound,
I turned around, and I looked
at her and another lady
she was with.
And I started doing
some spiritual warfare,
just praying, just
kind of rebuking.
And I wasn't sure
what was going on.
I just felt that
I had to do that.
And as I did that, I felt
something come at me,
come on me, and
scratch me from the top
of my head down to my neck,
so down my front of my face.
And it was all tingly
and stuff like that.
I became disorientated.
I had some brain fog
for 20 to 30 minutes.
It was just really strange.
I don't know if it was
because of the mounds or what,
but something
definitely was there.
After the event and I
had been home for a month
to two months
later, I still felt
that tingling where I
felt I was scratched.
And I did ask for prayer, and
I was praying with others just
to make sure nothing
had attached to me.
>>NOORY: It's
obvious, LA, there's
something mystical
going on here.
>>MARZULLI: There's
absolutely no doubt.
So again, our premise is
these are Nephilim sites--
Nephilim architecture,
fallen angel technology.
And if it is that, then
they're highly charged,
and that charge is
still there, which
is why all this stuff is
happening on all these areas.
>>NOORY: All these
years, it's still there.
>>MARZULLI: Same thing.
>>NOORY: Is the Bible
accurate with the Nephilim?
>>MARZULLI: I think it's
very accurate with that.
>>NOORY: OK.
That's interesting.
>>MARZULLI: Is this
a trick question?
>>NOORY: No, not
at all, but I just
want to know where they went.
Where did they go?
>>MARZULLI: In our Watchers
10, with the late Richard Shaw,
we picked up on Steve
Quayle's story with the giant.
And he was on your show.
You came on Watchers, so--
>>NOORY: I remember that.
>>MARZULLI: --thank
you for that--
talking about the giant
that Steve Quayle had.
But we had another man who
allegedly was a shooter.
I interviewed this
guy two or three times
before just on the phone
checking out his story,
and then we finally
brought him--
>>NOORY: He seemed
legitimate, didn't he?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah,
very legitimate.
And the reason why every
time he got to the point
where one of his battle buddies
was picked up and impaled
by the spear of this giant,
he would break down and cry,
so I knew something was up.
And he told us a story
about the giant of Kandahar,
and I'll get into
the aftermath of what
happened after that story,
but that went viral.
That thing was at least 12 feet.
He was dispatched
along with a patrol
to find another patrol
which had gone missing.
So they never met their checking
points, their rally points.
And they choppered down
and followed the tracks.
And they come around this
goat trail leading down,
and they see what looks like
wreckage of radios and body
parts and things like this,
so their weapons are ready.
So above them is a cave.
Out of this cave, comes a
nightmare, at least 12 feet.
And 12 feet is really tall.
>>NOORY: Alive.
>>MARZULLI: It's
alive and screaming.
With a spear.
And this thing runs at a speed
which just blows them away.
How fast this thing moves.
Before they can do anything,
it has impaled one of the guys
and holds him up like this.
>>NOORY: And just
holding him up.
>>MARZULLI: And they kill the
thing, and a chopper comes in.
Had six fingers, red hair,
double rows of teeth,
and stunk to high heaven.
They all had to sign
nondisclosure agreements.
And the giant of Kandahar--
I've talked to people who
were stationed in Kandahar
at that same base years later,
and they knew about the rumor,
but they weren't allowed
to talk about it.
They've come up to me--
and then we vetted his story
with another soldier who
was there shortly afterwards.
When we did this, and
we produced a film.
And I went out on your show
talked about it on Coast
to Coast, the whole deal.
>>NOORY: Great response.
>>MARZULLI: I was at a
conference in Dallas,
to hear the Watchmen
and I was approached by a
guy from the Deep State who
basically threatened
me three different ways
in the first five minutes.
My cell phone would have
child pornography on it,
my car would have--
all of a sudden, the
brakes would fail,
and I go over the cliff.
One of my kids would go missing.
>>NOORY: He actually
threatened--
>>MARZULLI: Actually
said those things.
>>NOORY: --you like this?
>>MARZULLI: I have
a witness to it.
Because I didn't go alone,
I have a witness to it.
>>NOORY: You think he
some whack job or what?
>>MARZULLI: No, this
guy was the real deal.
He showed me the
badge, the whole deal.
And he told me, I'm
here because of what you
did with the giant of Kandahar.
We don't want you doing that.
>>NOORY: Why is it
they want so secretive?
>>MARZULLI: Because it shows
the veracity of a supernatural.
It goes back to the Nephilim.
So this thing was there.
>>NOORY: It proves things.
>>MARZULLI: And we don't
know how old that thing was.
>>NOORY: Right.
Could have been 2,000
years old, exactly?
>>MARZULLI: Exactly.
Exactly.
Because it's part-human,
but it's also part-angelic
which is immortal,
so this thing could
be 2,000, 3,000 years old.
>>NOORY: And there
could be more of them.
>>MARZULLI: Exactly.
I think there are.
Well, there are more of them.
>>NOORY: You have investigated
America's Stonehenge,
and you've done a
great job doing that.
>>MARZULLI: Thank you.
>>MARZULLI (ON VIDEO):
There is an ancient site
in New Hampshire that may
date back 4,000 years.
It is called
America's Stonehenge.
There are precise alignments
of standing stones
which reflect the
solstices and equinoxes.
There is also a
controversial stone altar
which may have been used
for human sacrifice.
The site is built on an 18
and 1/2 year lunar cycle
like that of Stonehenge,
England, and the Great Circle
Mound and Octagon Mound
complex that we see in Ohio.
And America Stonehenge's
massive stones
were fitted together to
create this mysterious site.
But whoever built it
seemingly abandoned them.
You will see just how
incredible this site
is as we reveal
what appears to be
a deliberate and orchestrated
relationship to Stonehenge,
England, as well as
other megalithic sites
around the globe.
>>NOORY: It's just an
amazing discovery, again.
This is everywhere, isn't it?
>>MARZULLI: It's
hidden in plain sight.
It's absolutely--
>>NOORY: Right under our noses.
>>MARZULLI: --right
under our noses.
>>NOORY: Do most
people understand this?
>>MARZULLI: No, and that's
why we're making the film.
I mean, to me what it does
is it shows that there
is a hidden history,
that something
went on in the far distant
past, that's been deliberately
obfuscated from us.
And basically, the deeper
I go with all this,
the more astounded I
am just at the network,
at the way this thing was
global, how it was set up,
and it goes back to
our mission statement
to expose the deception of the
prince of the power of the air
and to herald the
return of the King.
And that's what we
do in the films.
We're showing that
something is going on here.
It's very deliberate.
It's managed.
It's orchestrated.
And then for whatever reason,
the people who built that site,
they just disappear.
>>NOORY: What is LA the
18.6-year lunar year?
What is that?
>>MARZULLI: This is
something-- and in the film,
the second installment,
we take you
to different places
with different experts
where I say, where
did this come from?
We know from the Book
of Enoch that there
was a fallen angel
by the name of Sariel
who just handed this to mankind.
>>NOORY: Sariel.
>>MARZULLI: Sariel.
That just gave this
knowledge to mankind.
But here's the deal.
And you go you, and
you talk to people
who've study the megaliths
all over the world.
They're built on 18 and
1/2 year lunar cycle.
So this is what you
have to do in antiquity.
Let's go back 4,000 years ago.
We know the moon's
doing something,
but we're not sure what.
It goes up, and it goes down.
And it seems to do that
a couple of times a month
and then it changes.
So we're going to
track the moon.
So we get some sticks out,
we line some things up,
we make some notches.
We get some deer hide.
We try to crunch the data.
Well, then all of a
sudden, a storm moves in,
and we lose five days.
How would you even know?
You'd have to track the
moon for 18 and 1/2 years
before you would know that it's
an 18 and 1/2 year lunar cycle.
And you would have
to crunch the data.
How would you crunch the data?
>>NOORY: And with what?
>>MARZULLI: It's astounding.
It's mind-blowing.
Only in modernity,
we can do it now.
But you go back 4,000 years ago,
and this is just, oh, they just
did it.
No, no, no.
It came from up there.
It was given.
>>NOORY: When you were
at American Stonehenge,
you investigated a stone that
had some kind of writing on it.
>>MARZULLI: The stone is
called the Baal Stone.
>>NOORY: All right, let's look.
>>EXPERT (ON VIDEO):
Yeah, this stone
was found in the
chamber in ruins,
one of our chambers on
the main site in 1964
by a researcher
named James Woodall,
and he actually found
two different stones.
And it sat in our building
for about 11 years
as an unknown script
until 1975 when
Dr. Barry Fell from
Harvard University came up.
And he looked at this
stone among a couple others
and eventually identified it.
He translated it as Iberian
Punic, or Phoenician,
found in Spain and Portugal.
And it said that
temple, that structure,
was dedicated to Baal in
behalf of the Canaanites,
which is what the Phoenicians
would have known themselves as.
>>MARZULLI (ON VIDEO): Which
I find absolutely incredible
because the Canaanites,
which is a general term
for the people
living in the Lavant,
are basically a Nephilim tribe.
And that's why
we're on the trail.
That's why we came to this site.
So Baal is the
ancient Canaanite God
that these entities worship.
Why would the critics say
that it's not genuine?
Why did the critics
said, well, someone just
carved this on a
weekend or whatever.
>>EXPERT (ON VIDEO): Because
it shouldn't be here.
No explorers before Columbus
and no ancient stone ruins
in the Northeast and--
>>MARZULLI (ON
VIDEO): So anything
that goes against their
paradigm is dismissed.
>>EXPERT (ON VIDEO): Exactly.
It's guilty until
proven innocent.
>>MARZULLI (ON
VIDEO): Fritz, what
are your thoughts
when you look at this?
>>FRITZ ZIMMERMAN (ON
VIDEO): Well, it's
just another layer of what
we're finding from Middle East.
In our travels, we've already
seen Grave Creek Stone
which was a form of Hebrew.
That creek stone-- so
Hebrew keeps showing up.
>>NOORY: Is it
possible that somebody
who is into these
kinds of studies
did something like
that 50 years ago?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah
the Baal Stone was
found on the site
when they started
to excavate one of the chambers
which had never been excavated.
It was underneath
about a foot of soil,
and they didn't
know what it was.
And they took it--
>>NOORY: Who would?
>>MARZULLI: Well,
it's Iberian Punic.
So they took it.
They put it in the museum.
It sat there for 11 years.
So if it's a hoax,
how many people
who know Iberian Punic would go
through the trouble of writing
this thing?
>>NOORY: Did anybody
tell Columbus?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah, exactly.
So when we were
in the museum, I'm
shooting B-roll with
a little Osmo camera,
and Kelsie Stone, who was
about 24, 25 at the time,
is taking me around the
museum and showing me stuff,
and the camera's just on him.
And he gets to where
this thing is kept,
and he goes, and these are our
dedication stones, the stones
with writing found on the site.
And the camera's rolling,
and I show this in the film,
and he goes, well,
what's this one say?
I go, what's this one say?
And he goes, well, this
is the dedication stone.
It says, to Baal of the
Canaanites in dedication.
And you hear this
long pause, and I
go, what did you just say?
Because he doesn't
know what he's got.
>>NOORY: He doesn't.
>>MARZULLI: They don't
know what they've got.
I'm sitting there.
I can't believe it.
To Baal of the Canaanites.
I mean, for me, it was
like the Rosetta Stone.
This links the site
directly to the Middle East
and the Nephilim.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it does.
>>MARZULLI: Links
it right there.
>>NOORY: Way longer
than we thought.
>>MARZULLI: Way longer.
>>NOORY: By being on the
trail of the Nephilim,
LA, what does this do for you?
>>MARZULLI: It keeps me
busy, that's for sure.
It keeps me out of trouble.
No, but I love this.
>>NOORY: What do you
hope to accomplish?
>>MARZULLI: I hope to present
a different paradigm to people,
one that echoes and validates
the biblical prophetic
narrative, one that shows
that this book is not just
a bunch of dusty fables and
genealogies and battle scenes,
but that it is alive,
that the prophecies that
are written in it are alive.
And some of them are happening
even today as we speak.
But it also shows us that the
prince of the power of the air
had reigned over this entire
planet for a good period
of time and established
different points of contact
all over this planet.
>>NOORY: It also attests then
to the accuracy of the Bible.
>>MARZULLI: I think it does.
>>NOORY: And that's
amazing all by itself
because then when you look
at how the universe was
formed in Genesis, Noah's
Ark, all this, it's all true.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
It's all true, and the problem
most people have is they
look at it as a religion.
And we're not talking
about religion.
We're talking
about relationship,
and that's a whole
different deal.
So I've talked about
this on your show.
Monks with funny
haircuts and rosary beads
and robes and medallions
and stained glass windows.
All that are the
trappings of men.
It's not what it's about.
>>NOORY: Is it safe to
say you're obsessed?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah, I'm
definitely obsessed.
>>NOORY: LA, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MARZULLI: Thank you, George.
Appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Well, you know
what, he is obsessed,
but it's great because
he's getting answers for us
that we don't get any place else
on the trail of the Nephilim.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."